# Meeting Minutes

![](/.git_assets/logo.png "Logo")
## 19/04/2022 - Finishing the group report (11 hours)
The meeting started a 3:30 and all the active members of the group participated [@ZOulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj), [@archeris32](https://github.com/archeris32)  [@Nero-DevOps](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps). We had a brainstorm meeting in order to decide what should we say at the presentation.
We finished early in the morning, around 2:30 in the morning.


## 19/04/2022 - Finishing the group report (4 hours)
The meeting started a 7:30 and included the team leader [@ZOulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj), team leader 2 [@archeris32](https://github.com/archeris32) and scrum master [@Nero-DevOps](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps). We all channeled our efforts into finishing our Group Report.
In addition to this, we also went over the final touches that needs to be done.

* [Zakariya Oulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj) - Cleaning up front-end 
* [Samoil-Bogdan Adascalului](https://github.com/archeris32) - Front-end
* [Taylor Head](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps) - Backend 

## 16/04/2022 - Update meeting (3 hours)
The meeting took place at 8PM and included the team leader [@ZOulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj), team leader 2 [@archeris32](https://github.com/archeris32) and scrum master [@Nero-DevOps](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps). The team discussed all progress up until now and what had to be done for the final sprint (Sprint 4). Each member
of the team was given a set of tasks that they will each work on for the final sprint. 

In addition to this, we also went over the group report requirements and template in order to start working on our report.

* [Zakariya Oulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj) - Cleaning up front-end and group report
* [Samoil-Bogdan Adascalului](https://github.com/archeris32) - Front-end and group report
* [Taylor Head](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps) - Backend and group report

## 30/03/2022 - Update meeting (45 minutes)
We called this meeting to prepare for our presentation to organise the best we can be and follow up with working on issues and other works loads connected to sprint 4.

* [Zakariya Oulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj) - Preparing workloads and implementing a plan for sprint 4.
* [Samoil-Bogdan Adascalului](https://github.com/archeris32) - Working on Security features of the site
* [Taylor Head](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps) - Working on user inputs for reports and added functionality of entering data via the website into the database  
* [Mohamed Kaizra](https://github.com/KezzyRk) - Updating the project broard

## 25/03/2022 - Update meeting (75 minutes)
This meeting was to check everything was in place for submission and to review GitHub. And ensure all documentation and issues have been checked.

* [Zakariya Oulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj) - Working on frontend and TravisCI
* [Samoil-Bogdan Adascalului](https://github.com/archeris32) - Working on Documentation and frontend
* [Taylor Head](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps) - Working on the reports and backend
* [Mohamed Kaizra](https://github.com/KezzyRk) - Reviewing documentation and looking for issues

## 21/03/2022 - Update meeting (60 minutes)
We set up a meeting last night to iron out the details for what we need to do for sprint 3 and assigning each of the group members their tasks, we also looked at a few ways we can tackle some of the issues that were made.

* [Zakariya Oulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj) - Working on UI and also backend
* [Samoil-Bogdan Adascalului](https://github.com/archeris32) - Working on a log-in system
* [Taylor Head](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps) - Working on the database
* [Mohamed Kaizra](https://github.com/KezzyRk) - Working on UI and pages and reviewing meetings document

## 08/03/2022 - Update meeting (120 minutes)
We all set up a meeting to ensure that we had everything covered for sprint 2, just adding the finishing touches and reviewing the next steps for sprint 3. This was us coming together, looking at the project as a whole team, and overviewing everything.

* [Zakariya Oulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj) - Reviewing frontend and management of GitHub
* [Samoil-Bogdan Adascalului](https://github.com/archeris32) - Reviewing Use-Case document plus some frontend elements 
* [Taylor Head](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps) - Reviewing the base and troubleshooting
* [Mohamed Kaizra](https://github.com/KezzyRk) - Review the meetings document

## 04/03/2022 - Update meeting (30 minutes)
Today's meeting discussed that we have everything in place for submission and that we have covered everything to get the best possible grade. It was only a short meeting but was just to proof read everything we have done and make sure our project backlog had been updated with all the necessary information.


## 03/03/2022 - Update meeting (60 minutes)
We purely set up this meeting to discuss some of the issues that we made so we could discuss them as a team and work on them as a group which we all did. Next, we discussed the operational base of the project and started to plan out the strategy so we could meet all the specifications and make sure everything was fulfilled. 


## 02/03/2022 - Update meeting (90 minutes)
We discussed how to keep GitHub very clean by ensuring we have the correct file structure for the project and ensuring files are named correctly. We all agreed on how Docker should set up the system and the naming structure to navigate GitHub easily. All members attended this.

## 01/03/2022 - Update meeting (160 minutes)
We had a very long meeting to discuss how we could connect the front and back end, which was a very challenging task. After many hard hours, we managed to get this done, and we pushed a commit to get everything working after this started pushing issues and sorting each bug one by one.


## 28/02/2022 - Update meeting (50 minutes)
We have a video call on our Discord group. Everyone shares their ideas about how to improve the WebApp. 
[Zakariya Oulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj) tells us about [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/). We find it really helpful.


## 26/02/2022 - Project meeting (120 minutes)
This meeting was to conclude what is needed for sprint two and discuss the steps we would need to take to progress nicely. We all looked at the project board to see what tasks needed to be done, and we assigned them to each other. All members attended this.

## 23/02/2022 - Update meeting (20 minutes)
Due to the fact that some people weren't able to attend the class in person due to various conditions, we held a meeting to bring them up to date with all the requirements
and new information that we recevied during today's class.

## 21/02/2022 - Checking each others work (45 minutes)
After a 1 week break, we came back to discuss the work. During this meeting we assigned tasks to a few members of the group.

* [Zakariya Oulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj) - Issue being used & Continue with the development & create About Us page and use of Personas
* [Samoil-Bogdan Adascalului](https://github.com/archeris32) - Use case diagram & Continue with the development 
* [Taylor Head](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps) - Continue developing the base

## 14/02/22 - Meeting canceled
Due to health issues such as COVID-19 and others so we decided that this week we will postpone the meeting. Everyone should simply continue with their work.

## 09/02/22 – Progress update (15 minutes)
We cross-checked with each other to ensure that we were on the right track.

## 07/02/22 – Progress update 2 (20 minutes)
We all agreed that this week we can slow down the work on this project as we had another important project to prepare for.
The base for the future project is released on GitHub thanks to [@Nero-DevOps](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps) and [@ZOulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj).
Everyone agrees to do some testing of the base and add up a few things/ideas

## 02/02/22 – Progress update (35 minutes)
The third meeting was quite a short one due to the extensive meeting that we had the previous week. Over the course of this meeting, we simply cross-checked 
with each other to ensure that we were on the right track. Furthermore, this gave us an opportunity to ask each other questions as well as to provide some help.
Final touch-ups before uploading Sprint 1.
We also decided that because all the requirements of Sprint 1 are done acording to the board, we can start Sprint 2.

## 31/01/22 – Initial project requirements (2 hours 4 minutes)
Our main priority for this meeting was to ensure we were all on the same page regarding who oversees what and how the team will work together. [@ZOulhadj] has 
significant experience with GitHub, so during this meeting he shares some knowledge with us about how the project should be set up including commits, branches,
merges as well as the GitHub website.

We also decide on who's going to do what for this sprint:
* [Zakariya Oulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj) - GitHub Set-Up
* [Taylor Head](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps) - Dockerfile Set-up
* [Samoil-Bogdan Adascalului](https://github.com/archeris32) - Code of Conduct
* [Mohamed Kaizra](https://github.com/KezzyRk) - First release created


## 26/01/22 - Second meeting (30 min)
During this meeting, we decided on the base principles of the Code of Conduct. [@archeris32](https://github.com/archeris32) agrees to draft the base of the 
Code of Conduct. Everyone else contributed with different ideas about what the Code of Conduct should have. [@KezzyRk](https://github.com/KezzyRk) shows us a 
basic logo idea from the internet that we all liked. Furthermore, [@Nero-DevOps](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps) gave [@ZOulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj)
the idea to crop the king icon from the banner and to have that be the group icon on GitHub.


## 24/01/22 – First meeting (1 Hour 25 minutes)
The first meeting was an introductory session for the group. During the meeting we discussed various topics such as the name for the group and getting 
to know eachother. [@ZOulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj) came up with the name Checkmate for the group. 


# Group Members
* [Zakariya Oulhadj](https://github.com/ZOulhadj)
* [Taylor Head](https://github.com/Nero-DevOps)
* [Samoil-Bogdan Adascalului](https://github.com/archeris32)
* [Mohamed Kaizra](https://github.com/KezzyRk)

# Code of Conduct
The principles stated in our group's ([Code of Coduct](coursework/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)) were respected during this meetings.
